fix: updates docs according to changes needed for note-zephyr as a mo… (#6)
blues/note-zephyr: README.md

# note-zephyr

> This is a Zephyr `west` module for the Blues Notecard. It is an abstraction layer for the [note-c](https://github.com/blues/note-c) library, that allows you to easily use a [Notecard](https://blues.com/products/notecard/) in a Zephyr application.

Reviewer: It's not always practical, but you should attempt to constrain your lines to 80 characters. This makes the README.md legible from a terminal, and not just GitHub.

It supports both `I2C` and `UART` communication with the Notecard as well as utilizing Zephyr native APIs for logging and error handling as well as memory management.

## Requirements

While this module is designed to be used with the Blues' Feather MCU boards, it can be used with any Zephyr compatible board. Overlays may need to be modified to work with other board device trees.

### Hardware

- Any [Blues Notecard](https://shop.blues.io/collections/notecard)
- [Blues Notecarrier F](https://shop.blues.com/products/notecarrier-f)
- Blues Feather MCU boards

>   - [Swan](https://shop.blues.io/products/swan)

Author: Cygnet isn't merged into zephyr mainline yet, I'll add it when it is

- [STLINK Programmer/Debugger](https://shop.blues.io/collections/accessories/products/stlink-v3mini)

> ### Software / Cloudware

Reviewer: I don't immediately see the advantage of native development over dev containers.

Native development has only ever been a support nightmare, especially with Zephyr (who constantly change requirements, and introduce breaking changes to the build system).

Author: This changes now with zephyr modules (as we discussed) as there's no need for us to worry about the user's environment, they import the module with west and build against that. Added this comment for context from out discussion.

```

> **Note:** The `CONFIG_NEWLIB_LIBC` option is required by `note-c` and must be enabled in your `prj.conf` along with the `CONFIG_BLUES_NOTECARD` option.

### Option 2: Initialize the repository for development

Once you have `west` installed, you can initialize the repository:

```sh
west init -m https://github.com/blues/note-zephyr --mr main my-workspace
cd my-workspace
west update
```

This will create a new workspace (`my-workspace`) with the `note-zephyr` project, ready to build.

## Getting started with examples

To get started with the examples, the easiest thing to do is to follow the instructions for [option 2](#option-2-initialize-the-repository-for-development) above. This will install the dependencies for Blues' Feather MCU boards and allow you to build the examples.

We're assuming you're using the `swan_r5` board and flashing using an [STLINK](https://shop.blues.io/collections/accessories/products/stlink-v3mini) programmer/debugger.

```sh
west build -b swan_r5 examples/blinky
west flash
```

### Notehub.io

To see your Notecard data in Notehub, you'll need to set up a free account (no credit card required) on [Notehub.io](https://notehub.io).

> Once you have created youraccount, then you need to [create a project](https://dev.blues.io/quickstart/notecard-quickstart/notecard-simulator/#create-a-notehub-project) to serve as an endpoint for the Notes that are tracking the state of the LED.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have created your account, then you need to [create a project](https://dev.blues.io/quickstart/notecard-quickstart/notecard-simulator/#create-a-notehub-project) to serve as an endpoint for the Notes that are tracking the state of the LED.
```
